#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
accessible-pygments==0.0.4
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
babel==2.16.0
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
backports-tarfile==1.2.0
    # via jaraco-context
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1 ; python_version < "3.9"
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
build==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
coverage[toml]==7.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==43.0.0
    # via secretstorage
django==4.2.15
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-waffle
    #   edx-django-utils
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
doc8==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
docutils==0.19
    # via
    #   doc8
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   readme-renderer
    #   restructuredtext-lint
    #   sphinx
edx-django-utils==5.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
edx-rest-api-client==5.7.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
idna==3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==8.4.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   keyring
    #   sphinx
    #   twine
importlib-resources==6.4.4
    # via keyring
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via keyring
jaraco-context==6.0.1
    # via keyring
jaraco-functools==4.0.2
    # via keyring
jeepney==0.8.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via sphinx
keyring==25.3.0
    # via twine
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.4.0
    # via
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
newrelic==9.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
nh3==0.2.18
    # via readme-renderer
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   build
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
pbr==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
pkginfo==1.10.0
    # via twine
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.14.4
    # via sphinx-book-theme
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   accessible-pygments
    #   doc8
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pyjwt==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyproject-hooks==1.1.0
    # via build
pytest==8.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytz==2024.1
    # via babel
readme-renderer==43.0
    # via twine
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   slumber
    #   sphinx
    #   twine
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via twine
restructuredtext-lint==1.4.0
    # via doc8
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via twine
rich==13.8.0
    # via twine
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via keyring
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==6.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.in
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
sphinx-book-theme==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   doc8
    #   edx-django-utils
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   build
    #   coverage
    #   doc8
    #   pytest
twine==5.1.1
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   rich
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
    #   twine
zipp==3.20.1
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
